Add media learning area. (#3215)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/media/encryption/index.md

you want, but I'm going to use [OpenSSL](https://www.openssl.org/) to write
sixteen random hex digits to a file. This step is necessary when preparing
resources for both HLS and DASH.

```bash
openssl rand -out media.key 16
```

{% Aside %}
Some versions of OpenSSL seem to create a file with white space and new line
characters. Before proceding, verify that these are missing from `media.key` and
remove them if they are prsent.
{% endAside %}

Use Shaka Packager to do the actual encryption. Use the content of the
`media.key` file for both the `-key` and `-key-id` flags.

For Clear Key, the key ID is supposed to be either the first eight OR the first
sixteen hex digits of the key. Since Shaka Packager requires the key to be 16
digits and does not allow a 32 digit key, make both flags the same length.

```bash
packager \
  input=glocken.mp4,stream=audio,output=glocken_audio_encrypted.m4a \
  input=glocken.mp4,stream=video,output=glocken_video_encrypted.mp4 \
  --enable_fixed_key_encryption --enable_fixed_key_decryption \
  -key INSERT_KEY_HERE -key_id INSERT_KEY_HERE
```

### Widevine Encryption

Unless your company completes the Master License Agreement with

> [Widevine](http://www.widevine.com/contact.html), this type of encryption can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Widevine](https://www.widevine.com/contact), this type of encryption can
```
